So let's see how you can display the Sabin's in dollars right here.
So what is going on on this page right here and we're going to create a new common display Sabin's dollars.
So we're going to create a fun show on what I call these 113-A spa underscore safe prize donors get
the best price and the the prize the carbon pricing their sale price and the look that this belongs
to.
So what going to hook these into FIELDFARE and they hook this call with commerce underskirt to get on
the score.
Price demand then we pass this function to communicate these and we're going around the priority of
telling we're passing through arguments.
These two arguments that we have here so that for example you can use again echo free and they call
Bre and you can buy them dump the price.
For example save these and relo.
So now you can see we have the price right here.
And if you pass product you will have additional information.
With everything about the brother.
So you can see we have a bunch of information right here that you can use for different customisations
you want to make.
So we're going to remove everything from here.
And we can use for example something like a Neve we're going around these Fondation only if we have
our special price and we're going to pass Brul.
And then what do you know we're going to use a function called Go get cell rights in case that we are
running our special offer.
These metals will return the sale price and we're going to return rights.
So we cannot seem to make a call.
Just there is this Gunt just that there's that this is working and relo these and you can see that we
have just recently gone and we can move these and we're going to have this day because it's what you
and I create a new variable called saves equals 2 broke.
And we're going to use another method to get regular price so therefore insurance and get set price
will display these $10 in the regular price it will display just $50.
So in order to say to the brain they say we need to do some math here.
So for example we have 50 minus this product surprise.
The same variable will have a value of $5 and we can use a function called the underscore price.
So this function will cumbered any number into commerce price.
So with something like this we can create another line of code and then we can do it on the price of
an adult aspirin.
So we can use a format of the string and then we can add something like something like this and say
that it is present so is going to say and you say well say
and Grace you don't get to that percentage.
It's.
So here is where the same variable is going to be added.
This way I'm using this spring of this speech before action that you can use for example the string
inside the function in a variable outside.
So right here I say of these parentheses and go into a coma and say.
So the body of save is going to be injected in right here.
That's one of the advantages of using an aspirin and right here we can coma and commerce whereas in
the Zomi and rescue so you can save these and we're no different in.
And you can see that we can save and we have use the $5 you can see here we have say and you can it's
the men for example.
So it's either A B or attack b error.
Brady's new line.
So that's real low.
And you can see how the price on the top.
And then you have saved you the $5 $5 and we're going to have for example on this ban with the class
same amount.
So with these glasses we're going to start these would see it says
and right after these percent that is what we're going to close this ban so you can save these up and
I end the browser and if I right click here and this big recall we the man you came right here and here
is a man with the same amount glass that we can see see this.
So now we have the the original price the set price and where this plane does say in dollars.
In upcoming years I'm going to show you quote what percentage buy.
This is one of the tricks that you can apply on your websites.
So in the next video we're going to write some C assist studies span with the class save a mild.